this is the new fujifilm and 2
evolution of x1 that proposes a
trans hicks sensor and a bit of a
second generation processor and xr
therefore improved in quality and also
improved in computing power
this translates into having a
faster autofocus a sequence of
shooting up to 7 frames
per second a continuous focus
also in the sequence shot in lcd
has been improved and in the cd with
higher resolution and has been
also introduced a new technology
the lens ModNation optimiser in practice
a film in fir makes and communicates with the
goals firmware and correct
any defects
however the complete presentation of
you can find this machine on the site
see in overlay
all of us are now down
features in practice and let's see
what we can get with this
new camera
all
no